	Topic_Num	Topic_Perc_Contrib	Keywords	Text
0	0.0	0.1749	good, neighborhood, feel, work, choice, reason, depend, pick, safe, rate	I believe that controlling rent is critical in keeping my neighborhood safe and well developed.  If the rent drops, so does the ability of people to maintain safe areas to live, work, and play.
1	1.0	0.2311	climate, rent, important, cap, building, change, build, issue, neutral, mixed	Climate awareness and rent control are two issues that are extremely important here. I also took into account the number of people that would be added (densification). I'd much rather have the government or a non-profit investor. Buildings that have small businesses in the lobby or built in are always welcome here. Inclusion zones are tricky, there are extremely problematic buildings in our neighborhood that have a large percentage of inclusionary zone residents. Rent control is important here, but not the primary issue. 
2	2.0	0.3011	housing, affordable, include, percentage, accept, social, emission, requirement, amount, income	There should in any development be a decent percentage (at least 20%) for social housing (in priority to affordable housing to buy) and without developers being able to wriggle out. Rent control has failed in the past, and would fail again - there needs to be a free market in rent (and as noted a decent amount of affordable/social housing for rent). Population density increase should not be as great as 100%, even 50% is probably too high depending on location and related infrastructure. Ideally carbon neutral (both in relation to emissions and carbon spend)
3	3.0	0.26	make, thing, development, idea, great, time, favour, densification, infrastructure, year	Goodmayes has two crossings between Goodmayes and Seven Kings station, those corssings are at capacity already during most of the morning and afternoon.  The new development at Goodmayes station will cause even more congestion to the area as well as the development in progress at the old homebase location next to Seven Kings station.  All new developments must have some common sense exercised in how the local transport and hospital infrastructure will be able to handle the increase in new tenants.  With such a high increase in tenants I believe that it would be criminal not to have affordable housing as a mandatory requirement to get a successful application.
4	4.0	0.2026	resident, decide, choose, option, benefit, decision, opinion, agree, base, involve	I just chose the better option for me.  Some I didn't agree with.  However, which side I agreed with the most, is the side that I chose.
5	5.0	0.233	prefer, project, investor, profit, apartment, government, business, local, mixed_use, non_profit	Do not want international for-profit investors involved - they don't care about the history of the neighborhood or anything at all about the neighborhood except profit. they will not take care of their property. Even if they said it was climate neutral or that they would make room for local businesses, in the end we would just have another bank or drug store and a bunch of empty apartments used for investment or worse, a bunch of trust fund families who leave as soon as their kids are old enough. they proudly buy 718 onesies for their infants but have no connection with Brooklyn at all. And they price the local merchants out of business.
6	6.0	0.1798	community, favor, involvement, public, generally, increase, support, vote, low_income, offer	The first two categories are generally the most important to me (rent and affordable housing), so I generally was in favor of plans that included some form of rent protection and offered the highest percentage of affordable housing. I also think it is very important to have community involvement. 
7	7.0	0.202	increase, density, population, low, percent, reduce, acceptable, double, oppose, reject	"These proposals are generally damaging and degrading of this neighborhood. Increasing density and imposing the majority of ideas stated would not be remotely beneficial. There are areas in the City of Chicago that are mostly vacant lots that should be considered for ""densification"" before coming into established neighborhoods and doing so in them to the detriment of present residents. The City of Chicago would do far better to focus on decreasing the bad policies that have been imposed for decades. It is already obvious that the City of Chicago is losing population and will continue to do so. In mandating increased density in residential neighborhoods it will only drive people out of the city. It would actually make more sense to reduce density of residential buildings, increase greenspaces, improve policing, reduce taxes and promote the livability that can be gained."
8	8.0	0.3419	area, high, environment, cost, pay, life, problem, space, quality, crime	"1. There are a lot of unused buildings sitting idle because they are being ""warehoused"", waiting for a buyer or a demolition. These are typically old tenement buildings. I believe these buildings should be rehabbed and refitted with new appliances and wiring and then rented out affordably. There is a distinct lack of affordable housing where I live and if I weren't rent stabilized I wouldn't be able to live within 200 miles of here. The neighborhood before Covid was already very dense because there are several hospital systems in the neighborhood so more density would not work as the streets are already too crowded with autos, taxis, etc. The sidewalks are pretty crowded, too. There is also the issue of sunlight. I have lost so much sun coming into my apartment by the buildings that have been constructed around me, many by the hospital system. Streets are dark in the middle of the day around here where they used to be sunny. There is no green space around here. The mayor seems to be adding  green spaces downtown, in Brooklyn but not here for some reason. I guess there's no space as the buildings took it all up and the highway takes up the space by the river here. I would say the quality of life  has gone downhill in the last 20+ years due to overbuilding and high prices not only for rents/apartments but in the stores around here as well. So many stores have closed here during the pandemic I have to wonder how any will make a comeback. The real estate prices and taxes are off the roof here and that's a major problem, too. If I went to Brooklyn or Queens I would be paying a lot less for the same item I buy here. I have done it. I did it more when I had a car but I had to give that up because the building raised their garage rent to non-owners to a ridiculous level and there was no street parking because you compete with the hospital employees and bike lanes/racks that have taken away spaces and my freedom in a way. Is that enough for ya?"
9	9.0	0.1708	rent, control, factor, fair, landlord, grateful, form, key, district, maximum	Ok, the proposals I went with just kept rents in check. I know landlords or developers that would raise the rent exponentially and would rather do that than give a fair rent, because they can write off the apartments that are not being rented and they don't have to rent because they loose little
10	10.0	0.2679	people, live, city, lot, family, place, price, house, bad, property	I like no rent control but don't like forcing low housing. I don't like the population increase. It will make Los Angeles into New York and if I wanted to live in NYC I'd move there. We're changing the charm of Los Angeles and slowly losing the beauty we have here. If people can't afford to live here they can live in the outskirts or move to the Midwest where they need more population. We're also filling Los Angeles up with a lot of poor people who need a lot of services and the city can't sustain it
